---
aside: false
outline: false
pageClass: api-operation-page
title: "Create QR Code - QR Code API"
---

# Create QR Code

<ApiOperation operationId="createQRCode" />

<div class="api-search-only">

QR Code API createQRCode Create QR Code This endpoint provides a consumer to create creating custom QR Codes programmatically. Every QR Code will contain a unique Branch link which you can deep link and track analytics with. branch_key The Branch key of the originating app; from your Branch Settings Dashboard i.e. accessible over https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/app. Please note that the key provided in example is dummy. qr_code_settings Pre-defined set of QR code related properties that works over the overall display of the QR Code image_format qr_code_settings.image_format The output image format that could be either JPEG or PNG center_logo_url qr_code_settings.center_logo_url URL to the image you want as a center logo e.g. “https://cdn.branch.io/branch-assets/00000000-og_image.png” width qr_code_settings.width Output size of QR Code image. Min 300px. Max 2000px. (Only applicable to JPEG/PNG) margin qr_code_settings.margin The number of pixels you want for the margin. Min 1px. Max 20px. code_color qr_code_settings.code_color Hex color value of the QR Code itself as per the https://htmlcolorcodes.com/ background_color qr_code_settings.background_color Hex color value of the background of the QR code itself as per the https://htmlcolorcodes.com/ code_pattern qr_code_settings.code_pattern Instead of the generic/standard QR-Code pattern we’re used to seeing, customers can now use (1) standard, (2) squares, (3) circles, (4) triangles, (5) diamonds, (6) hexagons, and (7) octagons. finder_pattern qr_code_settings.finder_pattern The finder pattern refers to the shape seen in the top left, top right, and bottom left of a QR-Code. Users can now choose between a square, a rounded square, or a circle. 1 = square, 2 = rounded rectangle, 3 = circle  finder_pattern_color qr_code_settings.finder_pattern_color Hex color value of the Finder Pattern as per the https://htmlcolorcodes.com/ background_image_url qr_code_settings.background_image_url We can lay the QR-Code on top of a background image. code_pattern_url qr_code_settings.code_pattern_url Direct link to an image to be used as the code-pattern itself on the QR Code. finder_eye_color qr_code_settings.finder_eye_color Hex color value of the finder eye as per the https://htmlcolorcodes.com/ data The dictionary to embed link data behind the QR Code. Accessed as session or install parameters from the SDK. Use the data dictionary for all link control parameters that you'll find here https://help.branch.io/using-branch/docs/creating-a-deep-link#section-redirections. $click_install_window_days data.$click_install_window_days Time between a click or a web to app auto redirect and an install or reinstall (i.e., https://branchster.app.link/{UNIQUE_ID_HERE}?$click_install_window_days=3 $click_session_start_window_days data.$click_session_start_window_days Time between a click or a web to app auto redirect and an open or web session start. (i.e., https://branchster.app.link/{UNIQUE_ID_HERE}?$click_session_start_window_days=7) $click_conversion_window_days data.$click_conversion_window_days Time between a click or a web to app auto redirect and a conversion event. Conversion events include commerce events (e.g. purchase, add to cart), all custom events, and all view events like pageviews & content views. (i.e., https://branchster.app.link/{UNIQUE_ID_HERE}?$click_session_start_window_days=30) $impression_install_window_days data.$impression_install_window_days Time between an ad impression and an install or reinstall. (i.e., https://branchster.app.link/{UNIQUE_ID_HERE}?$impression_install_window_days=3) $impression_conversion_window_days data.$impression_conversion_window_days Time between an ad impression and a conversion event. Conversion events include commerce events (e.g. purchase, add to cart), all custom events, and all view events like pageviews & content views. (i.e., https://branchster.app.link/{UNIQUE_ID_HERE}?$impression_session_start_window_days=7) $fallback_url data.$fallback_url Change the redirect endpoint for all platforms - so you don't have to enable it by platform. Note that Branch will forward all robots to this URL, which overrides any OG tags entered in the link. System-wide Default URL (set in Link Settings) $fallback_url_xx data.$fallback_url_xx Change the redirect endpoint for all platforms based on lower-case Alpha-2 country code. For example, $fallback_url_de="..." would redirect Germany deep link clicks. You should also set $fallback_url to act as the global redirect in addition to the countr -specific ones. WARNING: platform specific redirects (like $ios_url or $desktop_url) are set, they will override the country-specific redirect. Thus, the recommendation is to only use $fallback_url_xx for the country specific redirects and $fallback_url to catch all other users.
 $desktop_url data.$desktop_url Redirect URL for desktop devices - mobile users will default to the app store. $ios_url data.$ios_url Change the redirect endpoint for iOS App Store page for your app (set in Link Settings) $ios_url_xx data.$ios_url_xx Change the redirect endpoint for iOS based on a lower-case Alpha-2 country code (https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#search). For example, $ios_url_de="..." would redirect Germany deep link clicks. You should also set $ios_url to act as the global redirect in addition to the country-specific ones. $ipad_url data.$ipad_url Change the redirect endpoint for iPads $ios_url value $android_url data.$android_url Change the redirect endpoint for Android Play Store page for your app (set in Link Settings) $android_url_xx data.$android_url_xx Change the redirect endpoint for Android based on a lower-case Alpha-2 country code (https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#search). For example, $android_url_de="..." would redirect Germany deep link clicks. You should also set $android_url to act as the global redirect in addition to the country-specific ones. $samsung_url data.$samsung_url Redirect to Samsung Galaxy Store on Samsung devices. Only link level control. Format should be http://www.samsungapps.com/appquery/appDetail.as?appId={PACKAGE_NAME_HERE} $huawei_url data.$huawei_url Redirect to the Huawei App Gallery on Huawei devices. Only link level control. Format should be https://appgallery.huawei.com/app/{HUAWEI_APP_GALLERY_ID_HERE} $windows_phone_url data.$windows_phone_url Change the redirect endpoint for Windows OS Windows Phone default URL (set in Link Settings) $blackberry_url data.$blackberry_url Change the redirect endpoint for Blackberry OS BlackBerry default URL (set in Link Settings) $fire_url data.$fire_url Change the redirect endpoint for Amazon Fire OS Fire default URL (set in Link Settings) $ios_wechat_url data.$ios_wechat_url Change the redirect endpoint for WeChat on iOS devices $ios_url value $android_wechat_url data.$android_wechat_url Change the redirect endpoint for WeChat on Android devices $android_url value $web_only data.$web_only Force to open the $fallback_url instead of the app $desktop_web_only data.$desktop_web_only Force to open the $windows_desktop_url, $mac_desktop_url, $desktop_url, or $fallback_url in this order of precedence instead of the app $mobile_web_only data.$mobile_web_only Force to open the$ios_url, $android_url, or $fallback_url in this order of precedence instead of the app $after_click_url data.$after_click_url When a user returns to the browser after going to the app, take them to this URL. iOS only; Android coming soon $afterclick_desktop_url data.$afterclick_desktop_url When a user on desktop returns to the desktop browser after going to the desktop app, take them to this URL. $uri_redirect_mode data.$uri_redirect_mode - 0: This is the default value that yields the standard behavior where we don't try to open the app if the user can see an error.
- 1:	Smart redirect mode. Same behavior as 0 until we know the user has the app installed through Branch persona data. In that case, force URI schemes to open the app.
- 2:	Forceful redirect mode. Always try to force open the app, even if it risks showing an error message when the app is not installed.
 $deeplink_path data.$deeplink_path Set the deep link path for all platforms - so you don't have to enable it by platform. When the Branch SDK receives a link with this parameter set, it will automatically load the custom URI path contained within $android_deeplink_path data.$android_deeplink_path Set the deep link path for Android apps. When the Branch SDK receives a link with this parameter set, it will automatically load the custom Android URI path contained within $ios_deeplink_path data.$ios_deeplink_path Set the deep link path for iOS apps. When the Branch SDK receives a link with this parameter set, it will automatically load the custom iOS URI path contained within $ios_nativelink data.$ios_nativelink Set to true to make the link route to a NativeLink™ used for enabling deferred deep linking on iOS 15+ & Private Relay. Can also be set to a deepview/template key to manually trigger the launch of a specific NativeLink™ deepview. $desktop_deeplink_path data.$desktop_deeplink_path Set the deep link path for Desktop apps. You will have to fetch this parameter and route the user accordingly $match_duration data.$match_duration Lets you control the snapshotting match timeout (the time that a click will wait for an app open to match) also known as attribution window. Specified in seconds $always_deeplink data.$always_deeplink Set to false to make links always fall back to your mobile site. Does not apply to Universal Links or Android App Links. $ios_redirect_timeout data.$ios_redirect_timeout Control the timeout that the client-side JS waits after trying to open up the app before redirecting to the App Store. Specified in milliseconds $android_redirect_timeout data.$android_redirect_timeout Control the timeout that the client side JS waits after trying to open up the app before redirecting to the Play Store. Specified in milliseconds $custom_sms_text data.$custom_sms_text Text for SMS link sent for desktop clicks to this link. Must contain {{ link }} Value of Text me the app page in Settings $marketing_title data.$marketing_title Set the marketing title for the deep link. $deeplink_no_attribution data.$deeplink_no_attribution Set to true for the links to only support deep linking without any attribution for that link. $publicly_indexable data.$publicly_indexable Cannot modify here. Needs to be set by the Branch Universal Object $canonical_identifier data.$canonical_identifier This is the unique identifier for content that will help Branch dedupe across many instances of the same thing. Suitable options: a website with pathing, or a database with identifiers for entities
 $canonical_url data.$canonical_url This is the url set against the identifier
 $content_type data.$content_type This is a label for the type of content present. Apple recommends that you use uniform type identifier as described here $do_not_process data.$do_not_process Lets you control the snapshotting match timeout (the time that a click will wait for an app open to match) also known as attribution window. Specified in seconds $ios_deepview data.$ios_deepview The name of the deepview template to use for iOS $android_deepview data.$android_deepview The name of the deepview template to use for Android $desktop_deepview data.$desktop_deepview The name of the deepview template to use for the Desktop $ios_passive_deepview data.$ios_passive_deepview The name of the template to use for iOS. $android_passive_deepview data.$android_passive_deepview The name of the template to use for Android. $desktop_passive_deepview data.$desktop_passive_deepview The name of the template to use for Desktop. $og_title data.$og_title Set the title of the link as it will be seen in social media displays $og_description data.$og_description Set the description of the link as it will be seen in social media displays $og_image_url data.$og_image_url Set the image of the link as it will be seen in social media displays $og_image_width data.$og_image_width Set the image's width in pixels for social media displays $og_image_height data.$og_image_height Set the image's height in pixels for social media displays $og_video data.$og_video Set a video as it will be seen in social media displays $og_url data.$og_url Set the base URL of the link as it will be seen in social media displays $og_type data.$og_type Set the type of custom card format link as it will be seen in social media displays. Don't set this property when sharing deep links on Facebook $og_redirect data.$og_redirect (Advanced, not recommended) Set a custom URL that we redirect the social media robots to in order to retrieve all the appropriate tags $og_app_id data.$og_app_id (Rarely used) Sets the app id tag $twitter_card data.$twitter_card Set the Twitter card type of the link (e.g. player) (you must whitelist your deep link with the Twitter Card Validator $twitter_title data.$twitter_title Set the title of the Twitter card $twitter_description data.$twitter_description Set the description of the Twitter card $twitter_image_url data.$twitter_image_url Set the image URL for the Twitter card $twitter_site data.$twitter_site Set the site for Twitter $twitter_app_country data.$twitter_app_country Set the app country for the app card $twitter_player data.$twitter_player Set the video player's URL. Defaults to the value of $og_video. $twitter_player_width data.$twitter_player_width Set the player's width in pixels $twitter_player_height data.$twitter_player_height Set the player's height in pixels $custom_meta_tags data.$custom_meta_tags Valid stringified JSON dictionary of the tags’ keys and values random data.random Any key-value pair custom_data data.custom_data Any key-value pair custom_string data.custom_string Any key-value pair any_value data.any_value Any key-value pair look_at data.look_at Any key-value pair nav_here data.nav_here Any key-value pair Ok Authentication Failed error

</div>
