---
aside: false
outline: false
pageClass: api-operation-page
title: "Create Deep Link - Deep Linking API"
---

# Create Deep Link

<ApiOperation operationId="createDeepLink" />

<div class="api-search-only">

Deep Linking API createDeepLink Create Deep Link This endpoint is used to generated a deep link URL based on the parameters provided branch_key The Branch Key of the originating app obtained in your [Account Settings](https://help.branch.io/using-branch/docs/profile-settings) channel Deep link channel feature Deep link feature set campaign Campaign name stage tags Social media tags type Default is 0 domain Link domain data $fallback_url data.$fallback_url Change the redirect endpoint for all platforms - so you don't have to enable it by platform. Note that Branch will forward all robots to this URL, which overrides any OG tags entered in the link. System-wide Default URL (set in Link Settings) $fallback_url_xx data.$fallback_url_xx Change the redirect endpoint for all platforms based on a lower-case Alpha-2 country code. $desktop_url data.$desktop_url Redirect URL for desktop devices - mobile users will default to the app store. $ios_url data.$ios_url Change the redirect endpoint for iOS App Store page for your app (set in Link Settings) $ios_url_xx data.$ios_url_xx Change the redirect endpoint for iOS based on a lower-case Alpha-2 country code. For example, $ios_url_de="..." would redirect Germany deep link clicks. $ipad_url data.$ipad_url Change the redirect endpoint for iPads $ios_url value $android_url data.$android_url Change the redirect endpoint for Android Play Store page for your app (set in Link Settings) $android_url_xx data.$android_url_xx Change the redirect endpoint for Android based on a lower-case Alpha-2 country code. For example, $android_url_de="..." would redirect Germany deep link clicks. $samsung_url data.$samsung_url Redirect to Samsung Galaxy Store on Samsung devices. Only link level control. Format should be http://www.samsungapps.com/appquery/appDetail.as?appId={PACKAGE_NAME_HERE} $huawei_url data.$huawei_url Redirect to the Huawei App Gallery on Huawei devices. Only link level control. Format should be https://appgallery.huawei.com/app/{HUAWEI_APP_GALLERY_ID_HERE} $windows_phone_url data.$windows_phone_url Change the redirect endpoint for Windows OS Windows Phone default URL (set in Link Settings) $blackberry_url data.$blackberry_url Change the redirect endpoint for Blackberry OS BlackBerry default URL (set in Link Settings) Deep link channel $fire_url data.$fire_url Change the redirect endpoint for Amazon Fire OS Fire default URL (set in Link Settings) $ios_wechat_url data.$ios_wechat_url Change the redirect endpoint for WeChat on iOS devices $ios_url value $android_wechat_url data.$android_wechat_url Change the redirect endpoint for WeChat on Android devices $android_url value $web_only data.$web_only Force to open the $fallback_url instead of the app $desktop_web_only data.$desktop_web_only Force to open the $windows_desktop_url, $mac_desktop_url, $desktop_url, or $fallback_url in this order of precedence instead of the app $mobile_web_only data.$mobile_web_only Force to open the$ios_url, $android_url, or $fallback_url in this order of precedence instead of the app $after_click_url data.$after_click_url When a user returns to the browser after going to the app, take them to this URL. iOS only; Android coming soon $afterclick_desktop_url data.$afterclick_desktop_url When a user on desktop returns to the desktop browser after going to the desktop app, take them to this URL. $canonical_url data.$canonical_url This is the url set against the identifier. $deeplink_path data.$deeplink_path The value of the deep link path that you would like us to append to your URI. $og_title data.$og_title Set the title of the Deep Link as it will be seen in social media displays. $og_description data.$og_description Set the description of the Deep Link as it will be seen in social media displays. $og_image_url data.$og_image_url Set the image of the Deep Link as it will be seen in social media displays. ~id data.~id The unique ID for the link. ~creation_source data.~creation_source The source where the Branch Deep Link was created, represented by a number. ~tags data.~tags A free form entry with unlimited values of type `string`. Use it to organize your link data with labels that don't fit under other keys. ~campaign data.~campaign The name of the campaign associated with your link. ~campaign_id data.~campaign_id The ID for the campaign associated with your link. ~channel data.~channel The route that your link reaches your users by. ~feature data.~feature The feature of your app associated with the link. ~stage data.~stage The progress or category of a user when the link was generated. ~marketing data.~marketing Pass `"true"` to indicate this is a Quick Link. ~link_type data.~link_type The Branch link type (Deep, Quick, or Ad). ~agency_id data.~agency_id The ID of the relevant [agency](https://help.branch.io/partners-portal/docs/manage-agency-profile). ~quick_link_template_id data.~quick_link_template_id The ID of the [Branch Quick Link template](https://help.branch.io/using-branch/docs/link-templates#overview) you are using. ~ad_link_template_id data.~ad_link_template_id The ID of the [ad link template](https://help.branch.io/using-branch/docs/testing-universal-ads-campaign-setup#2-create-a-branch-link) you are using. ~advertising_partner_name data.~advertising_partner_name The name of the relevant advertising partner. ~creative_name data.~creative_name The creative name specified for the last attributed touch. ~customer_placement data.~customer_placement The customer specified placement of the last touch. This is the actual app or website that the ad appears on display campaigns. ~ad_set_name data.~ad_set_name The ad set name specified for the last attributed touch. ~ad_set_id data.~ad_set_id The ad set ID specified for the last attributed touch. ~branch_ad_format data.~branch_ad_format Possible values are `"Cross-Platform Display"` or `"App Only"`. ~secondary_ad_format data.~secondary_ad_format Specify an ad format to help organize your analytics and make it faster to set up web fallbacks for your link. alias Instead of our standard encoded short url, you can specify the vanity alias. For example, instead of a random string of characters/integers, you can set the vanity alias as .app.link/devonaustin. duration In seconds. Only set this key if you want to override the match duration for deep link matching. This is the time that Branch allows a click to remain outstanding and be eligible to be matched with a new app session. This is default set to 7200 (2 hours). Ok url Generated URL Authentication Failed error Rate Limit Reached error

</div>
