---
title: "Remerge"
slug: remerge
---

*[Image: 1328]*.png "Remerge + branch.png")

## Overview

[Remerge](https://www.remerge.io) specializes in Incremental App Retargeting. This means we measure success by calculating the incremental uplift on your bottom-line KPIs. We run a continuous uplift test in the background of every campaign at no extra cost, so you can always get transparency on how much additional revenue was generated by your retargeting campaigns, taking organic conversions into account.

Increase retention and lifetime value in the most efficient and scalable way:  
 With an infrastructure designed to maximize reach, you can seamlessly retarget up to 2 million users per second programmatically across 500,000 apps. In this way, Remerge drives incremental revenue faster than anybody else.

### Partner Capabilities

| Capability | Details |
| --- | --- |
| Company Type | - Ad Network - DSP - RTB |
| Deep Linking | Supported |
| Attribution | - Click-Through Attribution - View-Through Attribution |
| Ad Campaign Types | - Acquisition campaigns - Retargeting campaigns |
| Ad Formats | Contact support at Remerge for more information. |
| Click Types | - Client-side click - Server-side click |
| Supported Platforms | - iOS - Android |
| Link Wrapping | Support |
| Cost Ingestion Support | Support |
| Cost Ingestion Types | - API |
| Pricing Models | - CPC |

## Prerequisites

In order to enable Remerge, you need to have completed the following:

1. Created a [Branch Dashboard](https://dashboard.branch.io/).
2. Have Branch's Performance [product](packaging.md) enabled for your Branch Account.
3. Implemented the Branch SDK into your mobile app ([iOS](ios-sdk-overview.md) | [Android](android-sdk-overview.md))

   - [Track events](track-branch-events.md)
4. Running campaigns through Remerge.

## Enable Remerge

### 1. Enable Remerge in Branch

In the Branch Dashboard under **Ads** > [**Partner Management**](https://dashboard.branch.io/ads/partner-management), find/search for Remerge. If you're already logged into the Branch Dashboard, you can also click [here](https://dashboard.branch.io/ads/partner-management/a_remerge?tab=settings) to go there directly.

Click the **Save & Enable** button.

.png "remerge enable.png")

### 2. Configure Postbacks

Enabling Remerge will automatically enable the following postbacks:

- INSTALL
- OPEN
- PURCHASE
- ADD\_TO\_CART
- ADD\_TO\_WISHLIST
- VIEW\_ITEM
- VIEW\_ITEMS

.png "remerge postbacks.png")

You can configure these postbacks or add more under the [**Postback Config**](https://dashboard.branch.io/ads/partner-management/a_remerge?tab=postback) tab.

#### Send All Events

Optionally, you can check the checkbox for a given postback for sending all events. When checked, all events will be sent regardless of attribution. Otherwise, the postback will only fire for events attributed to Remerge.

#### Adding Postbacks

Click the **Add New Postback** button at the bottom of the screen. A modal will appear that will allow you to select an event that you are tracking with the Branch SDKs (including Custom Events).

.gif "Add New Postbacks.gif")

For more in-depth postback configurations, view our guides:

- [Basic Postback Configuration](basic-postback-configuration.md)
- [Advanced Postback Configuration](advanced-postback-configuration.md)
- **Recommended** 👍 [Test Postbacks](testing-postbacks.md)

### 3. Configure Attribution Windows

After configuring your events, navigate to the [**Attribution Windows**](https://dashboard.branch.io/ads/partner-management/a_remerge?tab=attribution_windows) tab to set windows by attribution type.

#### Recommended Attribution Windows

| Attribution Type | Window |
| --- | --- |
| click to session start | 90 days |
| click to install | 30 days |
| click to conversion event | 90 days |
| impression to session start | 1 day |
| impression to install | 1 day |
| impression to conversion event. | 1 day |

### 4. Create Branch Ad Link

Next, you'll need to create a Branch Ad Link for your Remerge campaigns in order for Branch to properly attribute conversions.

[.png)

 help.branch.io

Create Ad Links](/docs/ad-links)

The Branch Ad Link you create will be placed in your Remerge campaign.

### 5. Verify Data in Branch

After launching your Remerge campaigns, and conversions begin to happen, you'll want to verify data is being sent from Branch to Remerge. You can look at the [Branch Dashboard's Liveview Webhook Records](https://dashboard.branch.io/liveview/webhooks) and apply the following filter:

| Filter | Operator | Value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ad partner (3p) | equals | `a_remerge` |

Once applied, data should flow through the Liveview, and you can see the data being sent to Remerge from Branch.